`azurerm_kubernetes_flux_configuration` - added postBuild and wait properties to kustomization block (#25695)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_flux_configuration.html.markdown

* `depends_on` - (Optional) Specifies other kustomizations that this kustomization depends on. This kustomization will not reconcile until all dependencies have completed their reconciliation.

* `post_build` - (Optional) A `post_build` block as defined below.

> * `wait` - (Optional) Enable/disable health check for all Kubernetes objects created by this Kustomization.

Author: Thanks for the review - I've left it as "wait" as it's the property used for the FluxConfiguration API as well as what's documented for Flux kustomizations: https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/kustomize/kustomizations/#wait 

I figured using the official naming would enable any Flux user to understand and reference the official documentation.

> * `wait` - (Optional) Enable/disable health check for all Kubernetes objects created by this Kustomization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `wait` - (Optional) Whether to enable health check for all Kubernetes objects created by this Kustomization. Defaults to `true`.
```

> * `wait` - (Optional) Whether to enable health check for all Kubernetes objects created by this Kustomization. Defaults to `true`.

Author: Thanks for the review @stephybun, I've left it as "wait" as it's the property used for the FluxConfiguration API as well as what's documented for Flux kustomizations: https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/kustomize/kustomizations/#wait

I figured using the official naming would enable any Flux user to understand and reference the official documentation as a reasonable approach to this.

Please let me know how you'd like this to proceed. Thanks!

> * `wait` - (Optional) Whether to enable health check for all Kubernetes objects created by this Kustomization. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer 2: If this is known Flux nomenclature then I agree that it's fine to keep this as is.

* `timeout_in_seconds` - (Optional) Specifies the maximum time to attempt to reconcile the cluster git repository source with the remote. Defaults to `600`.

---

A `post_build` block supports the following:
* `substitute` - (Optional) Specifies the key/value pairs holding the variables to be substituted in this Kustomization.

* `substitute_from` - (Optional) A `substitute_from` block as defined below.

---

A `substitute_from` block supports the following:

> * `kind` - (Required) Define whether it is ConfigMap or Secret that holds the variables to be used in substitution.

Author: That's a good idea, there's only two options for this - I will change this to an enum

> * `kind` - (Required) Define whether it is ConfigMap or Secret that holds the variables to be used in substitution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kind` - (Required) Specifies the source kind to hold the variables to be used in substitution. Possible values are `ConfigMap` and `Secret`.
```

* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the ConfigMap/Secret that holds the variables to be used in substitution.

> * `optional` - (Optional) Set to True to proceed without ConfigMap/Secret, if it is not present. Defaults to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `optional` - (Optional) Whether to proceed without ConfigMap/Secret if it is not present. Defaults to `false`.
```
